Hi guys, in this video I want to create
5 seconds video using this model
Kandinsky 5 text to video. Okay, let's
go.
Okay, first thing first, let's go here.
I put your light text to to video it to
You must download this. You can download
from here.
As you can see, or you can use
this way, copy URL.
I want to go here.
And paste right here.
3DM and you can download.
I already downloaded those files.
Okay, let's put it those files.
Make this one right here. I'll click to
copy your eye.
Go to model list.
Okay, let's put one by one. The first
one text encoder
deep.
Where is this group?
Text encoder.
Second file.
VIO
Honey on video VIO.
Media ID.
Search for VIT.
Okay, this one.
Put right here.
And the final file,
division model. Kandinsky 5.
The fusion model.
Let's put this file right here.
After that, refresh the face.
Like
There is one file for me. It's copy URL.
And download tools the EDM.
Okay, the downloading is finished.
Let's open the repository.
Now.
Let's copy this Kandinsky Kandinsky.
Uh diffusion models. Okay, that's
the place where I want to copy it.
Okay.
And this one.
Paste right here.
And let's see.
Okay, fine.
Okay.
Text to video. Uh this is the prompt of
the text to video. The height, let's
make it the
6 seconds.
I'll accept them.
141.
Okay, the file. This is the resolution.
And this is the
where I save the video. And let's see.
How it takes time.
Don't end this video. Okay, let's go.
It takes around uh
1 hour 30 minutes to create this 5
seconds video using this uh model text
to video Kandinsky 5. It's a lot of time
with
12 GB uh RAM.
Uh VR.